README.md, before:

# react-native-hold-menu-no-expo

[![Reanimated v2 version](https://img.shields.io/github/package-json/v/hadnet/react-native-hold-menu-no-expo/master?label=Version&style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@hadnet/react-native-hold-menu-no-expo)
[![Licensen](https://img.shields.io/github/package-json/license/hadnet/react-native-hold-menu-no-expo/master?label=License&style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@hadnet/react-native-hold-menu-no-expo)
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/badge/Types-included-blue?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@hadnet/react-native-hold-menu-no-expo)


A performant, easy to use hold to open context menu for React Native CLI projects powered by Reanimated.

## Installation

```sh
yarn add react-native-hold-menu-no-expo
```

## Usage

```js
import { HoldItem, HoldMenuProvider } from "react-native-hold-menu-no-expo";
```

![hold-menu-preview](./preview.gif)

## Features

- Powered with Reanimated v2. 🚀
- Smooth interactions & animations.
- Supports dark/light Mode. 🌚 🌝
- Supports device orientation change.
- Written in `TypeScript`.


## Getting Started

Check out [the documentation website](https://enesozturk.github.io/react-native-hold-menu).


## Contributing

See the [contributing guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) to learn how to contribute to the repository and the development workflow.

## License

MIT

---

Commit message:

docs: add dependencies and Reanimated 3 issue

README.md, after:

# react-native-hold-menu-no-expo

[![Reanimated v2 version](https://img.shields.io/github/package-json/v/hadnet/react-native-hold-menu-no-expo/master?label=Version&style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@hadnet/react-native-hold-menu-no-expo)
[![Licensen](https://img.shields.io/github/package-json/license/hadnet/react-native-hold-menu-no-expo/master?label=License&style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@hadnet/react-native-hold-menu-no-expo)
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/badge/Types-included-blue?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@hadnet/react-native-hold-menu-no-expo)


A performant, easy to use hold to open context menu for React Native CLI projects powered by Reanimated.

## Dependencies

```
  @react-native-community/blur react-native-gesture-handler react-native-haptic-feedback react-native-reanimated
```

> With Reanimated 3 there is an issue [#4613](https://github.com/software-mansion/react-native-reanimated/issues/4613#issuecomment-1663211375) and a fix.

## Installation

```sh
yarn add react-native-hold-menu-no-expo
```

## Usage

```js
import { HoldItem, HoldMenuProvider } from "react-native-hold-menu-no-expo";
```

![hold-menu-preview](./preview.gif)

## Features

- Powered with Reanimated v2. 🚀
- Smooth interactions & animations.
- Supports dark/light Mode. 🌚 🌝
- Supports device orientation change.
- Written in `TypeScript`.


## Getting Started

Check out [the documentation website](https://enesozturk.github.io/react-native-hold-menu).


## Contributing

See the [contributing guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) to learn how to contribute to the repository and the development workflow.

## License

MIT

---
